data-structures/README.md, before:

# JQR
This repository will support the completion of JQR tasks acting as a local repo.

## Simple-Calc

Author: David Chung
Date: 9 DEC 24
Purpose: Partially fulfill JQR requirements

### Usage 

Usage: 
./build/simple-calc [OPTIONS]
Options:
  <num1> + <num2>     Add two numbers
  <num1> - <num2>     Subtract two numbers
  <num1> * <num2>     Multiply two numbers
  <num1> / <num2>     Divide two numbers
  <num> >> <space>    Right shift a number by space(s)
  <num> << <space>    Left shift a number by space(s)
  -h                  Show this help message
  -v                  Show version information

make clean - Cleans workspace and removes previous build artifacts

### Functions
1. main() - In 'main.c'. Function takes user CMD Line input (in accordance to "Usage") and either outputs the arithmetic result or error with either a 0 or 1, respectively, integer output.
2. add(x, y) - Defined in 'arithmetic.c'. Adds two valid int32_t integers (x and y) together.
3. subtract(x, y) - Defined in 'arithmetic.c'. Subtracts a valid int32_t integer (y) from another (x).  
4. multiply(x, y) - Defined in 'arithmetic.c'. Multiplies two valid int32_t integers (x and y) together.
5. divide(x, y) - Defined in 'arithmetic.c'. Divides a valid int32_t integer (y) from another (x).
6. shift_right(num, space) - Defined in 'arithmetic.c'. Right shifts a number (num) by 'space' number of spaces.
7. shift_left(num, space) -  Defined in 'arithmetic.c'. Left shifts a number (num) by 'space' number of spaces.
8. print_help() - Defined in 'helpers.c'. Takes a const char pointer, in this case argv[0] and prints a usage guide.

### Testing
1. 'test_arithmetic.c' utilizes the CUnit library to test simple assertions through all the functions of 'arithmetic.c' in order to identify erratic program behavior
2. 'simple-calc-test.py' script generates a quasi-random assortment of [OPTIONS] abd runs the simple-calc program. `

Commit message:

all Makefiles in data-structures edited to remove binary on clean. included string.h to hash-map (instead of using the made-up strdup

data-structures/README.md, after:

## data-structures

Author: David Chung
Date: 9 DEC 24
Purpose: Partially fulfill JQR requirements

### Directory Overview

This directory contains sub-directories named after each data structure
being templated.

Each of these sub-directories are self-contained mini-repositories for
independently run test programs (named [data structure]-test.c) via its own 
Makefile. Additionally, each of these sub-directories contain all the 
dependencies and hold the consequent object files on creation of the C 
executable. 

In the terminal, navigate the current directory to one of the data structure
sub-directories, and then follow the usage directions to view implementation.   

### Usage 

Usage: 
make 

./[data structure folder name]

make clean - Cleans workspace and removes previous build artifacts

### Functions
- All data structures are formed in their respective header file
- All structure methods / helpers are defined in their respective .c file
- Testing is coded in the [data structure]-test.c file and executed via 'make'
